Update installation instructions (#152)
exercism/arm64-assembly: docs/INSTALLATION.md

# Installation

> ## Ubuntu

Reviewer: The exact same packages will be available on Debian as well. Include that in the title maybe?

The essential build tools can be installed using

```shell

> sudo apt install build-essential

Reviewer: `build-essential` will install a bit more than what is strictly necessary. `sudo apt install gcc make` would be sufficient.

```

If you are not running on ARM64 hardware, install the [QEMU][] emulator and the GCC ARM64 cross-toolchain using

```shell

> sudo apt install qemu-user qemu-user-static binutils-aarch64-linux-gnu gcc-aarch64-linux-gnu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sudo apt install qemu-user gcc-aarch64-linux-gnu
```

```

## Windows

> Use [Windows Subsystem for Linux][], or set up a Linux virtual machine.

Reviewer: I actually liked what you had before:
```suggestion
Use [Windows Subsystem for Linux][] with a Debian-based distributions and follow the Ubuntu instructions from above.
Alternatively, set up a Linux virtual machine.
```

## macOS

> A Linux virtual machine can be launched using [Lima][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Linux virtual machine can be launched any suitable virtualization solution (e.g., [Lima][]).
```
